hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie parasite
part two now the time after a few months
of that incident is shown in
part two when military officers were
aware that there are parasites in the
city who are attacking humans
and they wanted to rescue them so they
get released a serial killer from a
prison
who could detect the parasites from the
human beings
human beings are presented before him
one by one
then he calls everyone human beings but
he becomes thoughtful as shinichi
appears before him
after a great deliberation he says that
he is also human
returning to the house miggy tells
shinichi that there is a parasite at a
little distance of us
they visit a nearby building where a
parasite is eating the flesh of a human
being
noticing shinichi that parasite moves to
shinichi
but miggy puts it into death suddenly
shinichi senses as someone is behind him
he was no one else but that person who
had taken the photos of miggy and
shinichi at the end of
part one then the city mayor comes on
the scene who speaks out in parasite's
favor
he was a devilish person and the teacher
had togetherness with him
now it is shown that teacher had given
the birth of a baby who was a human
being
that mayor had known that shinichi is
killing parasites
he also wanted to end him but teacher
prohibits him
she tells miggy and shinichi belong to
one body
i want to see how they get together with
each other killing shinichi
our parasite mighty will also know more
sushi had sent that spy after shinichi
to keep an eye on him
while walking one day shinichi again
senses as someone is behind him
that spy suggests while spying you
should reveal yourself before police
but shinichi says no police department
is also full of many parasites
shinichi comes to know here the teacher
has engaged spy to pursue him
he says to the teacher going there what
is being done by all of you
why do you not cease it then teacher
says to him
why are you killing our companions
parasites
they are yet learning how to eat human
beings after a time
they will stop killing them he keeps
quiet and he reveals going to spy
that teacher is very menacing parasite
beware
she may also harm you but spy does not
trust him
next day spy meets that mayor he wanted
to confirm whether shinichi is speaking
truth or not
so he sets the audio tape in mayer's
room knowing about it
mayer orders to assassinate spy saying
he has become a threat for us
he sends a parasite to his house in
order to kill spy
they kill his daughter because he is not
at home miggy informs shinichi
five parasites are coming to attack you
a man advances them
he was the amalgam of the five parasites
miggy and shinichi explode his head
while fighting
they think as he is dead but there was
only one parasite who had been killed
other four parasites were still alive
rest of the parasites are alerted and
start handling him
then teacher says to mayor if i
disallowed you that you will not send
parasites to end shinichi and spy
so why did you do so here mayer notices
the teacher was developing the feelings
of human beings after being a mother
he disgusts it and sends three parasites
to end the teacher
being parasite she gets understanding as
someone is coming to end her
calling them to carr park she ends them
while fighting alone
coming back to the house she notices
that her baby is missing from there
he finds a note there with a statement
come to bridge for a meeting and your
baby is in my custody
actually spy had left that note who
wanted to take revenge of his dead
daughter
taking the life of teacher's baby that
teacher moves there in confusion with
shinichi
shinichi tells spy you will get nothing
after killing this baby
because this baby belongs to human
species
military officers also come there they
knew that mayer had concealed many
parasites in his building
now they were sending the building
people one by one they were shooting the
parasites among them after finding
serial killer was also present there
then mayer is shown to deliver his
speech
who is telling the actual monster is
human beings who are ending parasites
with no cause
then there the present military officers
target him and end
then serial killer shouts he was human
being but just helping parasites
turning back they find that man who had
five parasites in him
everyone shoots him but he does not get
any harm then it is shown that spy is
about to throw that baby
witnessing teacher has to transform into
parasite to save her baby
she thrusts her one hand into the body
of spy as a result
everyone comes to know that she is
parasite police start firing on her
continuously
and she had known that she will be no
more now she comes to hand her baby over
to shinichi
as she give this responsibility to
shinichi she immediately dies because of
receiving many gunshots
here shinichi reminds his own mother and
he develops the human feelings
now police take shinichi for
interrogation but they are reported that
a man having five parasites have killed
the military officers
then shinichi drives to that place but
those parasites cause of his accident
stopping him he moves to the forest he
says to miggy
he will detect me where i am until you
are with me
he requests miggy to segregate from him
meantime
that parasite comes there he begins to
attack him
shinichi and meg had befriended now
samiggi sacrifices
segregating itself from shinichi's body
it asks shinichi to run away from there
miggy is killed by that parasite as
being depressed on it
shinichi moves to his friend's house she
takes care of him by heart
while lying he immediately observes that
his arm is generating one more part of
miggy
it happened because miggy's essence had
transferred into shinichi's body when it
had cured him
so it may be produced if he wanted it
shinichi knows that parasite will again
detect my location as it has generated
so he leaves for the sake of his
friend's life saying goodbye
going outside he is caught by that
parasite
reaching a mill he stabs a chemical
earthing rod into his body
but he remains safe he says what are you
thinking about me
i will kill other human beings after
killing you and other parasites with me
will dominate all over the world
he is almost killing shinichi suddenly
miggy is regenerated as his hand
it attacks on that parasite meanwhile
there is a trouble in his body and he
becomes irritated
miggy tells him that rod had the
multi-chemicals with which you stroke
him
so all parasites don't want to take the
hold of his body
all parasites leave his body one by one
now only the skeleton had left behind
shinichi throws it down into the fire
which takes his life
after a long while everything is shown
routine wise
miggy is saying to shinichi no parasite
has left behind in this world
so we should not live together i will be
separated from you
but shinichi does not agree but miggy
itself rooted it out
and shinichi's real hand appears and
being sad
he begins to remember miggy now it has
shown that much
time has passed shinichi and his friend
were leading a happy life
and they used to go to meet the
teacher's baby suddenly
it has shown that serial killer had come
back he captures shinichi's friend
he whispers in her ear the real monster
is
human being but shinichi's friend says
to him
the real monster is you you kill the
people on
it that serial killer pushes her down
from the building
but shinichi suddenly goes there and
rescues her extending his hand
here he realizes that miggy has helped
him out here
the movies part 2 is eventually ended
here
thanks for watching like comment and
subscribe
don't forget to hit the bell icon